it happened in the spring of the year at
it happened in the spring of the year at the time Kings go out to battle but Joab
the time Kings go out to battle but Joab
the time Kings go out to battle but Joab led out the armed forces and ravaged the
led out the armed forces and ravaged the
led out the armed forces and ravaged the country of the people of ammon
country of the people of ammon
country of the people of ammon and came and besieged Rabbah but David
and came and besieged Rabbah but David
and came and besieged Rabbah but David stayed at Jerusalem and Joab defeated
stayed at Jerusalem and Joab defeated
stayed at Jerusalem and Joab defeated rabba and overthrew it then David took
rabba and overthrew it then David took
rabba and overthrew it then David took their kings crown from his head and
their kings crown from his head and
their kings crown from his head and found it to weigh a talent of gold and
found it to weigh a talent of gold and
found it to weigh a talent of gold and there were precious stones in it and it
there were precious stones in it and it
there were precious stones in it and it was set on David's head also he brought
was set on David's head also he brought
was set on David's head also he brought out the spoil of the city in great
out the spoil of the city in great
out the spoil of the city in great abundance and he brought out the people
abundance and he brought out the people
abundance and he brought out the people who were in it and put them to work with
who were in it and put them to work with
who were in it and put them to work with souls with iron picks and with axes so
souls with iron picks and with axes so
souls with iron picks and with axes so David did to all the cities of the
David did to all the cities of the
David did to all the cities of the people of ammon then David and all the
people of ammon then David and all the
people of ammon then David and all the people returned to Jerusalem now it
people returned to Jerusalem now it
people returned to Jerusalem now it happened afterward that war broke out at
happened afterward that war broke out at
happened afterward that war broke out at Giza
Giza
Giza with the Philistines at which time civic
with the Philistines at which time civic
with the Philistines at which time civic I the huge fight killed Scipio
I the huge fight killed Scipio
I the huge fight killed Scipio who was one of the sons of the giant and
who was one of the sons of the giant and
who was one of the sons of the giant and they were subdued again there was war
they were subdued again there was war
they were subdued again there was war with the Philistines and el Haman the
with the Philistines and el Haman the
with the Philistines and el Haman the son of jaya killed Lommy
son of jaya killed Lommy
son of jaya killed Lommy the brother of goliath the gittite the
the brother of goliath the gittite the
the brother of goliath the gittite the shaft of whose spear was like a Weaver's
shaft of whose spear was like a Weaver's
shaft of whose spear was like a Weaver's beam yet again there was war at Gath
beam yet again there was war at Gath
beam yet again there was war at Gath where there was a man of great stature
where there was a man of great stature
where there was a man of great stature with 24 fingers and toes 6 on each hand
with 24 fingers and toes 6 on each hand
with 24 fingers and toes 6 on each hand and 6 on each foot and he also was born
and 6 on each foot and he also was born
and 6 on each foot and he also was born to the Giant so when he defied Israel
to the Giant so when he defied Israel
to the Giant so when he defied Israel Jonathan the son of shamea David's
Jonathan the son of shamea David's
Jonathan the son of shamea David's brother killed him
brother killed him
brother killed him these were born to the Giant in Gath and
these were born to the Giant in Gath and
these were born to the Giant in Gath and they fell by the hand of David and by
they fell by the hand of David and by
they fell by the hand of David and by the hand of his servants